Serenna Beers: They're traveling for business or
Serenna Beers: Hi there.
Christina Frazee: Hi.
Serenna Beers: How are you today.
Serenna Beers: All right. Yeah. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Um, tell me, I know we completed your bio psychosocial and this is just our first initial meeting right
Christina Frazee: Right.
Serenna Beers: Right. Okay. Why don't you kind of just share with me kind of what's been happening with you over the last week.
Christina Frazee: A lot of
Christina Frazee: I don't know. I want to let downs, I guess.
Christina Frazee: I've just been having a really hard time because with everything with the coronavirus and like, you know, stay at home stuff and you know I haven't been able to see my kids.
Christina Frazee: At all, like, I'm supposed to have them every other weekend. Now, not even having that is just really hard and I
Christina Frazee: I've been calling mediation and I finally got ahold of them just the, you know, be let down that
Christina Frazee: Pretty much. There's nothing I can do. Unless I want to file paperwork and take them to court. But the courts aren't open. So it's just hard. I'm trying to deal with that and everything going on.
Serenna Beers: So how are you dealing with it.
Christina Frazee: I've been really just
Christina Frazee: questioning why I even bother.
Christina Frazee: Doing going to work or getting up in the morning, you know, just the way to pass.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Have you talked to your doctor about that remind me. Who's your is it Katrina groves, is it
Christina Frazee: Yeah, she's, she's who I see through for Suboxone for my groups.
Christina Frazee: And then
Christina Frazee: My primary physician is Dr. Peter
Christina Frazee: I actually have an appointment with her tomorrow.
Serenna Beers: Oh, good.
Christina Frazee: But it's only on the phone because they're not taking client any patients.
Christina Frazee: Because of the whole thing. So it's going to be weird because
I'm
Christina Frazee: Like it's been two days. Now I broke out, and I have this like the blistering on my nose. So I don't know how I'm going to describe that over the phone to her, but I have an appointment with Dr. Peter tomorrow at 10 over the phone so
Serenna Beers: Is it so it's just a telephone call it isn't like a zoom
Christina Frazee: No, it's just a telephone call.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Well, I mean that they're having to kind of change their practices, a little bit. I mean, as long as you're, you know,
Serenna Beers: I would imagine that there's probably things that that that they can do. And I would imagine that there's certain things that that they're going to trust you more.
Serenna Beers: You know with because if she can't see you. And if there's something going on with you i mean i i can't imagine that they don't have a backup plan.
Christina Frazee: But
Serenna Beers: What I would hope that you're going to kind of share with her, though, is that it is it a her or him.
Serenna Beers: Or her. Okay, is that you're going to share with her. Some of the depression and even if it's sit
Serenna Beers: Situational that you're open with with her about it because what what we don't want to see is for you to go backwards and to kind of go down that rabbit hole because depression is very real. And it can be just as you know as heart heart harmful to you, you know, as anything else.
Christina Frazee: Yeah, thanks. Like, I know that because I'm supposed to be taking medication, I haven't been taking it. So that's kind of like maybe self sabotage or whatever.
Christina Frazee: I know she's going to tell me to start taking my medication. Again, but it's just once you get stuck. It's kind of hard to dig yourself a hole, you know. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: So, so you were on medication for that.
Yeah.
And
Serenna Beers: What did you take, if you don't mind me asking
Serenna Beers: All off. Okay. Did you find that that was that that that that helped though.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay, what would you be, you know, open to that, maybe even if it was for short, short term.
Christina Frazee: Yeah, it's just, um, I know that I should be taking my meds and you really need to
Christina Frazee: Focus on getting back into a routine of picking my meds every day on time.
Christina Frazee: I'm like I said with depression, you just
Christina Frazee: Don't know. It's just really hard to just
Christina Frazee: even want to do better. Like I said, like I just feel like, what's the point of doing better just but I know that's just negative thinking and stuff. I just
Christina Frazee: Once I am only meant they feel so much better. It's just
Christina Frazee: I don't know, it's kind of a setback, you know, not being able to see my kids and stuff.
Serenna Beers: Well, for one, I just want to validate the fact that I mean that's not a small thing.
Serenna Beers: Christina. That is a huge thing especially you know as a mom, your kids are your entire world and you didn't put in all this work to have them when you can have them just to have it stopped and whether it's, you know,
Serenna Beers: The fact that it's beyond your control probably makes it really harder. I mean, quite honestly. And so what you don't want to do though is lose sight of
Serenna Beers: Of the main goal. And that's definitely not to go backwards, right. So then what do you do in the meantime to take, take care of yourself. So is there anything that you know that you can do. I mean, deep depression. I just want you to know, you know,
Serenna Beers: It's been a while since I've had it so severely that it was debilitating, but I do understand about depression. There's times when
Serenna Beers: DVD oppression and and it's it's weird. You might have good good days with it and then you when you have the the bad days with it you know unless you have been through it. You really don't
Serenna Beers: Understand, because to most it's like oh geez, just get up and smile or just, you know, people don't understand
Serenna Beers: Yeah, there's no smiling when you feel that low. There's no just oh let's just, you know, put our big girl panties on. I mean, there's none of that.
Serenna Beers: It is so immobilising and so do you know things. I mean, do you, do you know yourself well enough to know what you could potentially do. Is there anything that does help.
Christina Frazee: Um,
Christina Frazee: No, I just try and make it through the day, you know, and it is hard because people that haven't had it or don't have it distinct like oh, you're just sad, but that's not it at all, you know,
Christina Frazee: I just
Christina Frazee: It's just literally like every single day. I'm just like, don't give up today, you know,
Serenna Beers: And do you do you feel suicidal at all. And I have to ask that you you understand right
Christina Frazee: I understand. I know I don't. It's more of just a feeling like
Serenna Beers: Hopeless little bit
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Like, what's the point in trying when the end result isn't really what I want anyway.
Christina Frazee: Yeah, and
Christina Frazee: I'm trying to get caught up in the moment, like I
Christina Frazee: It's it's weird because you try and stay in the moment and stay present but then there's also the reverse side of it, like the dark side of it. Like you just get so caught up in the middle like you just think that there's no
Christina Frazee: Happy ending and I need to just tell myself, you know, this isn't forever that I, you know, in the future, when this is all gone. I can get my kids back but it's hard to see that light at the end of the tunnel, you know, I mean,
Serenna Beers: Do you well. It's that sense of impending doom and there is nothing more terrifying than that sense of impending doom.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, that does that make sense.
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Are you able to to talk, talk with your kids.
Christina Frazee: Yeah, but
Serenna Beers: I mean, I, I know it's not the same thing. I just didn't know if you were at least at minimum able to like talk talk with them.
Christina Frazee: Yeah, it's just hard because like I haven't talked to him in a couple days like I can talk to them every night, but then when I talked to him on the phone.
Christina Frazee: Like it might just be me, but I feel like the
Christina Frazee: Just don't even want to talk to me because it's just the same thing again, like I love you. I miss you and it's just
Christina Frazee: I just feel like they're just over it.
Serenna Beers: How, what are their ages.
Christina Frazee: 11 and eight.
Serenna Beers: Have you tried things like
Serenna Beers: Googling what to talk to kids about what to I mean there's i mean the the internet can really be a plethora of information. And when you just kind of run out of things to like talk about, like, like I have this I have this book, so I have a 10 year old and I have this book and it's called
Serenna Beers: Infinite questions to ask your kids and and there are things like
Serenna Beers: I'm trying to think of where I put that book.
Serenna Beers: So that I so that I could I could let you see it, things like if you had a choice between telling a lie, or telling the truth. Even if you hurt someone.
Serenna Beers: What choice would you make and why. And you may not want to share that that one, but I'm I was just trying to think of an example of one. Another one was
Serenna Beers: If you could be anybody in the whole world, what would you be and why. And it's just kind of a fun game.
Serenna Beers: Because especially in this technology age, you know, where it seems like kids are so hyper focused on lots of different things other than like
Serenna Beers: Their parents or other than like socializing. It just kind of opens up a like like a community cation.
Serenna Beers: What if you were to draw them a picture or something and say, You know what, I was just so bored today because I missed you. This is what I drew you and this is why. So this is me.
Serenna Beers: You would be amazed at how you might be, be able to generate a different kind of a conversation that maybe you never had.
Serenna Beers: Out of doing something different.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, you know what I mean.
Christina Frazee: It would be easier if I could do like FaceTime with them or whatever, but it's just a regular phone call. And so it's this kind of hard. You know,
Serenna Beers: Is there a reason why you can't do that.
Serenna Beers: A FaceTime CALL.
Christina Frazee: Do because I don't know, I tried talking to their dad, a few days ago.
Christina Frazee: And I just, I asked him, you know, if we could do FaceTime, and then you just started yelling at me and then I just ended up coming out. We just got frustrated. But, um, I don't know, I just
Christina Frazee: It's just frustrating.
Serenna Beers: Um,
Serenna Beers: Is it possible for for you just to shoot him a very generic text like hey, just checking in with with you to see if it's possible to do a FaceTime CALL smiley face. It's all
Serenna Beers: If not fine, but I, of course, I, I just want to ask almost letting him know that you're aware, he has the power, but just so that you can maybe
Serenna Beers: Just check in with him so he knows that you still are here, but you're not going anywhere that you're very interested and maybe maybe just meet them meet him at a
Serenna Beers: At a MEET. MEET THEM IN THE MIDDLE with it there as because if you're on the phone with them. It's kind of like he's on the spot. Maybe if you send them a text. Maybe he might think about it. I mean, I'm just trying to throw out options.
Serenna Beers: I
Serenna Beers: Come from a very similar background as far as I it. I had to fight to get my kids back
Serenna Beers: And I dealt with my ex husband whom had a had all the cards I wasn't allowed to call them. I wasn't allowed to say I love you for so long.
Serenna Beers: And I dealt with that, like, kind of control where he had all the power for two years, Christina two solid years almost to the day
Serenna Beers: And they weren't even allowed to leave with me, even to go to ice cream. I had to come visit them at his house and
Serenna Beers: And I'm sharing this with you, not, not because I don't understand. I'm sharing this with you because I empathize because I have been where you're at.
Serenna Beers: And it's very frustrating, especially when you're honestly trying your very best. And so how do you, how do you not get discouraged because you know your babies need you to keep fighting.
Christina Frazee: You know,
Serenna Beers: Your they need. They need you to keep fighting. Even when you feel like you don't want want to. So, you know, get upset and maybe you know vent with me or event with your you know someone that you're close with but don't give the power to your, to your
Serenna Beers: Kids his dad because it sounds like he's too.
Serenna Beers: Immature to really can't handle your emotions.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, you know what I mean.
Christina Frazee: Yeah, and he makes it seem like
Christina Frazee: He doesn't know why I'm bothering him and like
Christina Frazee: I don't, it's just
Christina Frazee: I don't know. This is a hard thing to deal with the hell of it is
Like
Christina Frazee: It's like my kids are my whole life and my whole reason for living. And then once that's taken away your reason for living. You know, it's kind of hard to go on from
Christina Frazee: So,
Serenna Beers: I, I want to give you some facts.
Serenna Beers: Even though it feels like it's been taken away the fact is it's just been stopped it hasn't been taken away. Correct.
Serenna Beers: Very important that you understand that because if you turn that that statement that it's been taken away into a fact in your mind that can cause you to be emotionally reactive, which is not going to help you. Right.
Serenna Beers: So the fact of the matter is, is it's been stopped. Does it suck. That's probably put putting it lightly.
Serenna Beers: Especially because of the fact that your kids are your whole world. So what do you do now that you don't have them with you. So what are you going to do to manage to that anxiety and that overwhelming sense of loss because that's what it is, what can you do
Christina Frazee: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: I'm asking you.
Christina Frazee: I keep telling myself like I keep saying, I need to journal. I'm
Christina Frazee: Even if it's like writing letters to them so that later on when I do have them. They can see like me. I tried calling you and he wouldn't let me talk to you again and I'm just thinking about you guys that we I'm like getting it out.
Christina Frazee: And then when I have them. They can see like all this times they thought about them and all the times I woke up crying because I didn't have the next me and you know that we're getting our faces.
Christina Frazee: I just need to be proactive about stuff instead of saying, Do it cuz I know just help out, you know, and I need to stop negative thinking because it's just a downward spiral.
Serenna Beers: So why don't you and I, I'm not going to overwhelm you. But let's just set to specific very positive.
Serenna Beers: Healthy goals that have to do with one year depression and to just establishing that reap that sustaining that connection that you've built and the, the, the, the progress that you've made with your kids.
Serenna Beers: So that it so that that's not stopped and and and you brought up a very valid point which, mind you, is very effective letters to your kids are very effective.
Serenna Beers: I know that from experience. It's amazing. You would be amazed at what that would do for them if they knew that their mom while they've been apart.
Serenna Beers: Thought about them and look so much so that she drew them a little picture. Make a mini star card. I mean, that probably sounds really silly, but to 11 and an eight year old. That's probably going to just be huge.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, you know,
Christina Frazee: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: So what's one specific thing that you
Serenna Beers: That you can do to help you manage through your depression.
Christina Frazee: I need to start taking my meds, like starting tonight. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Medication. So you're committing to trying to follow through with that goal, right.
Serenna Beers: Yes. Okay. And then I'll follow up with you about this because it's funny when when we know we're accountable to someone, it's kind of we have more likelihood to follow through.
Serenna Beers: And along with battling the symptoms of depression there. There's not a lot of follow through. Unless there's accountability.
Serenna Beers: A task. So kind of look at it as I'm trying to be your accountability partner to right now. Okay, so you're agreeing
Serenna Beers: That starting tonight, you are going to take your medication. Right. Yes. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Now, what about something that you can do so that way you feel that you haven't lost control with your kids. What's something that you can do in this time where you can't be with them that you that you can still work on
Serenna Beers: building that relationship with them.
Christina Frazee: I think I'm just writing it down.
Christina Frazee: Maybe every night like when I do take my meds right a little bit, um,
Serenna Beers: Can I hang on really quick. Can I place you on hold. I gotta grab my door because I just moved into my new place, and I just need to make sure that I can have them fix something that's broken. Okay, hang on real
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Hello.
Serenna Beers: Hello, I am so sorry. I just moved into my new place. And so I didn't want my daughter to answer the door. So thank you. OK. So number two if if if you could go back to the beginning of that.
Christina Frazee: And just write a little bit every night. That way I'm kind of
Christina Frazee: Getting it out of my head.
Christina Frazee: My head.
Christina Frazee: Even if it's just
Christina Frazee: Even if I can't write a whole bunch or, you know, right, if they're not writing a letter to my kids are writing on feeling just even if I just write down
Christina Frazee: This isn't forever, you know,
Christina Frazee: Something little like to kind of remind myself you know that it's not going to be forever.
Serenna Beers: Okay. And so here's what I'm going to do for the accountability piece. Okay. Because it's real easy. If you think, Gosh, I don't even know how I feel. Because when especially when you struggle with depression and or anxiety.
Serenna Beers: It's hard to kind of, it's kind of difficult to at times to really decipher what you feel, because you feel like this is kind of like this, right.
Serenna Beers: So, just so that you can commit to starting to write every single night. Even if you only write down three things you're grateful for every day.
Serenna Beers: you at least need to write that. So even if you don't write, you know, hey, I feel really like crap today. But I know things are going to get better. But, you know, whatever.
Serenna Beers: Even if you don't have anything to write. I want you to commit to writing at least three
Serenna Beers: Things you're grateful for every day because
Serenna Beers: An attitude of gratitude. I mean, knowing that you're grateful for things, even in the smallest things like like you have a roof over your head. That's huge. You know what, there's lots of folks out there right now that that that don't
Serenna Beers: If you have food, food in your fridge, you're very lucky. The fact that you are sober and you get to see your kids. There's lots of parents moms and dads that have screwed.
Serenna Beers: It up so bad that they don't ever get to see them again, that's not you. Right, right. The purpose of really understanding or or identifying what you're grateful for, is because then it helps you to really see gosh
Serenna Beers: It sucks right now, but maybe I really don't have it as bad as I'm telling myself that I have it because our mind. Oh my goodness.
Serenna Beers: If you want to see something funny so i i posted this on my Facebook, the other day, because it's so funny because even after all this time abstaining from out from alcohol and drugs. I still have that come that that
Serenna Beers: Mini where I'm you know I live in fear. All of a sudden, I'm overly zealous happy like everything's
Serenna Beers: Like, everything's good life is so great. Like that crazy almost euphoric high on life. And then I'm in fear and then I'm mad, and then I'm missing that but there's this video and it's juggling the Jenkins, where it's
Christina Frazee: Her
Serenna Beers: Oh, I know she's got what she if you look up
Serenna Beers: Can I see juggling the Jenkins, the committee, it'll show her as and she represents like motivation, insomnia, fear, oh my gosh, it is so classic and it really just makes you think
Serenna Beers: Wow, this is really like kind of what my head is like every day and you're really not that far off from the rest of the world you you really aren't. It's just
Serenna Beers: folks that have kind of struggled with anxiety, depression, addiction. We just talked about it more everybody else kind of holds it in. We just are open with the world about it. Right.
Serenna Beers: But it really does put things into into perspective of how we can literally
Serenna Beers: Let our mind take over and will spin us out right we small thing and make it big, or take a big thing and make it small. And it's really about perspective.
Serenna Beers: Which my point is, is if you can always figure out what it is that you're grateful for.
Serenna Beers: It kind of helps you to take those things and really put them into perspective so that they don't consume you and create even more.
Serenna Beers: Difficulty for you to manage your everyday life. You know what I mean. Yeah. Depression sucks it can literally stop you and bring you to your knees and you can also do things to help yourself to get through it, too. And that's what we're talking about is you being proactive right now. Right.
Serenna Beers: Yes. Okay. So from the when I first talked to you and you were pretty emotional. How are you, how do you feel now.
Christina Frazee: I feel good.
Serenna Beers: Yeah. Yeah. What's your anxiety level, on a scale of zero to 10
Christina Frazee: Zero. Okay.
Serenna Beers: How does your depression feel just really quick, like how we just to think about it, your first thought.
Christina Frazee: I would say like a two.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: So I want you to remember when it starts to rise, how quickly you just talking about it. Hence, you go into the book and journaling, how, how quickly you were able to bring that down just in the matter of the last 20 minutes
Serenna Beers: Okay, okay.
Serenna Beers: Can you commit to that. So journal writing, even if you're just writing what you're grateful for. That's, that's a must.
Serenna Beers: That's above and beyond writing other stuff you're agreeing to write every day, three things. Sure. Great, great grateful for and then you are going to work on starting tonight to take your medication.
Serenna Beers: Right deal. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Okay. And this is going to pass. This is a moment, just like the way we feel build and break emotions are like that. They're just like waves there. They're going to build and then they're going to break
Serenna Beers: It's the way that it's all, it's, it's a way that it's always been an it's a way that it's always going to be, I mean,
Serenna Beers: Think about it. Every emotion that you've ever felt you feel it and then it kind of just goes off, right. You feel it and then it just goes off. That's with anything. So when you feel at your absolute worst remember that there is an end in sight. You just have to hang on for a little while.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Christina Frazee: Thank you.
Serenna Beers: You're welcome. So I want to know, did we set our, our weekly sessions out yet.
Christina Frazee: No.
Serenna Beers: Okay, um, let me look
Serenna Beers: What times work better for you in the Afternoon or morning time
Christina Frazee: In the afternoon.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so let me while I'm thinking, I'll be here.
Serenna Beers: Today's Wednesday. What about
Serenna Beers: What about
Serenna Beers: Can you do third Third Thursday at three o'clock.
Serenna Beers: On April six 16th.
Serenna Beers: Or let me see if I was going to look at your chart because I don't remember if I'm need to, I mean I'll meet with you every, every week.
Serenna Beers: If
Serenna Beers: I'm just trying to see if that's a part of your chart.
Serenna Beers: It's CHRISTINA, WHAT IS YOUR LAST initial
Christina Frazee: For free.
Serenna Beers: Oh, that's right. Christina frizzy.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Care details.
Serenna Beers: Here we go. So it looks like
Serenna Beers: twice a month. So, um, do you want to see me in a week or do you want to wait two weeks. I mean, what do you think
Christina Frazee: I think if I can wait two weeks because I have to do next week, I have to do an appointment with Dr groves.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Okay. So then why don't we look at, let me see.
Serenna Beers: So that would be the 22nd.
Serenna Beers: And do you write things down on your calendar.
Serenna Beers: Yeah. Okay, so what about at I have a 3pm. So what about to two o'clock.
Christina Frazee: Okay, and what days are
Serenna Beers: The 22nd.
Christina Frazee: I know. But what day
Serenna Beers: Oh, the 422 on Wednesday.
Serenna Beers: Wednesday. Yep.
Christina Frazee: At two o'clock.
Christina Frazee: Yep. Okay. That's fine.
Serenna Beers: And I have you down and up until then you make sure that you stay safe and you stay well. And if you need anything in between now and then just give a call to the clinic and they know how to reach me. Okay.
Christina Frazee: All right. Thank you. All right.
Serenna Beers: All right. Thank you very, very much. And I hope you have a good rest of your day. And don't forget to journal tonight.
Christina Frazee: Okay, I will
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: All right. Goodbye.